README.md, before:

<img src="./header.jpg" alt="Header only used for decoration" style="width:100%" loading="lazy">


# PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER

## 📒 Documentation
Documentation for the filter is available here: https://PLACEHOLDER.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

You can find the documenation for all filters and tools on our organisation page https://github.com/ShapescapeMC.

## 👷 Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please read our [contribute file](https://github.com/ShapescapeMC/PLACEHOLDER/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines on how to get started.

## 🗒️ License
This project is licensed under the GNU v.3.0 License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ShapescapeMC/PLACEHOLDER?tab=GPL-3.0-1-ov-file) file for details.

This license ensures that the tool remains open source, while still allowing you to use the generated content in your commercial Minecraft projects.

## 📧 Contact
For questions, suggestions, or support, please reach out via mail to [contact@shapescape.com](mailto:contact@shapescape.com)

Commit message:

Add Shapescape NBT Replacer tool
Introduces the Shapescape NBT Replacer, a Node.js tool for finding and replacing strings in NBT files. Includes initial documentation updates, filter configuration, main implementation with adaptive concurrency, and required package files.

README.md, after:

<img src="./header.jpg" alt="Header only used for decoration" style="width:100%" loading="lazy">


# Shapescape NBT Replacer
A tool for finding and replacing strings in NBT files.

## 📒 Documentation
Documentation for the filter is available here: https://shapescape-nbt-replacer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

You can find the documenation for all filters and tools on our organisation page https://github.com/ShapescapeMC.

## 👷 Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please read our [contribute file](https://github.com/ShapescapeMC/shapescape-nbt-replacer/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines on how to get started.

## 🗒️ License
This project is licensed under the GNU v.3.0 License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ShapescapeMC/shapescape-nbt-replacer?tab=GPL-3.0-1-ov-file) file for details.

This license ensures that the tool remains open source, while still allowing you to use the generated content in your commercial Minecraft projects.

## 📧 Contact
For questions, suggestions, or support, please reach out via mail to [contact@shapescape.com](mailto:contact@shapescape.com)
